you may know my name
but you do not know the legend I
attacked the innocent we owe everything
to him and in my grave a noble quest for
justice nothing will distract me
oh boo this November murderous outlaw
have discovered an ancient power with it
they can destroy the world bush can you
help us there's no time to waste I will
do it what Humpty Alexander Dumpty we're
going to need her
she's Kitty Softpaws I'll steal you
blind and you'll never even know I was
there she is a bad kitty when the world
is in danger only one hero has what it
takes away free home to build these
boots oh that's a lot of heel for a guy
don't you think nine lives I rent them
you got any idea when they do the eggs
and whistles I'll tell you this it ain't
over easy oh one destiny by name would
become
legend
DreamWorks Puss in Boots
you